# Connecting Local Git Repository to Remote Git Repository


## Purpose for Connecting Local Git Repository to Remote Git Repository

Connecting your local repository to a remote repository serves several purposes and benefits, including:

1. Collaboration: 

    * By connecting your local repository to a remote repository, you enable collaboration with other developers. Multiple team members can work on the same project, share their changes, and keep the codebase in sync.

2. Backup and Redundancy: 

    * Having a remote repository acts as a backup of your code. If something happens to your local machine, such as a hardware failure or accidental deletion, you can still recover your code and project history from the remote repository.

3. Version Control:

    * Remote repositories allow you to have a central source of truth for your codebase. Each commit you make locally can be pushed to the remote repository, creating a comprehensive version history of your project. This enables you to easily track changes, revert to previous versions, and review the development progress.

4. Code Sharing:

    * A remote repository allows you to share your code with others, whether it's for collaboration, code review, or open-source projects. It provides a centralized location for others to access and contribute to your codebase.

5. Continuous Integration and Deployment (CI/CD): 

    * Remote repositories often integrate with CI/CD tools and workflows. This enables automated testing, building, and deployment processes, facilitating the development and release cycles of your project.

6. Remote Tracking: 

    * When you connect your local repository to a remote repository, Git establishes a remote tracking branch. This tracking branch keeps your local repository aware of changes made in the remote repository, allowing you to fetch and merge those changes into your local branch.

Connecting your local repository to a remote repository provides a range of advantages for collaboration, version control, backup, and streamlined development workflows. It enhances the efficiency and effectiveness of working with others on shared projects and ensures the safety and accessibility of your codebase.

## Steps to Connecting Local Git Repository to Remote Git Repository

 1. To synchronize your local repository with a remote repository, such as one hosted on GitHub or GitLab, you can add a remote repository URL using the following Git Command in the Command prompt:

    ```
    git remote add origin <remote_repository_url>
    ```
    Replace <remote_repository_url> with the URL of your remote repository (e.g. https://github.com/ChowWaiTin/Vacation-Trip.git).


You may return [here](../../README.md#2-getting-started---initialise-a-repository-for-the-project-create-a-shared-folder-for-collaboration)