## Storyline 2 (Xun)
1. Developer A edits text file `day1_itinerary.txt` for Day 1 itinerary. While planning the schedule, he has difficulties choosing between the two places.

2. Developer B decides to help, so he performed a checkout on Developer A's branch.

    a. Firstly, he listed out the branches that have been created on the repository with
    ```
    git branch --all
    ```

    b. Once he knows which branch Developer A is on, he uses either one of the following commands shown below to switch his current working branch to the same branch that Developer A is working on.
    ```
    git switch {Developer's A branch name} 
    ```
    ```
    git checkout {Developer's A branch name}
    ```
    
3. Both of them ended up working in the same branch, on the same file.

4. Developer B begins to work on the file. After he was done, he makes a commit of changes  and pushed the edit.

    a. Firstly, he needs to pull the updates (if any) from the remote repository into his current working branch. This is to ensure that he gets the latest updates for the files in his branch locally. (In the event someone makes a commit and pushes it into the remote branch)
    ```
    git pull
    ```

    b. Next, he can stage his changes and commit it after he is done with his work.
    ```
    git add .
    git commit -m "Updated Day 1 itinerary"
    ```    
    c. Lastly, he pushes his changes to the remote branch.
    ```
    git push
    ```
5. At the same time, Developer A made some changes to the file and tries to push the edit, not knowing that Developer B had already made some changes.
    He stage his changes and commit it with the following:
    ```
    git add .
    git commit -m "Helped Developer B with Day 1 itinerary"
    git push
    ```    
6. A conflict happens for Developer A while he is pushing his changes later on.    

7. In the process of resolving the conflict, he has to ensure that Developer B's work does not overwrite his own work, and vice versa.

    a. In this scenario, he has to carefully look through line by line at both Incoming Changes and Current Changes.

    b. He then decides what changes to accept and merge accordingly.

8. Upon resolving the conflict, Developer A performs a commit and pushes the changes to his own remote branch. 

9. Finally, he merges his branch to the main branch so Developer B can see the changes he has made to the itinerary.