# Making a pull request

## Pre-requisite
1. Complete the previous tasks.

## Objective
1. Learn what is a pull request
2. Learn how to perform a pull request

## Storyline 5
1. After the different developers have performed their individual tasks in the respective branches, they decided to consolidate all of their work into a single final plan. However, they are worried that the previous conflicts that they have experienced when working with the repository will result in the final plan being incorrect. 

2. While searching for a solution, they found that it was possible to require a pull request before merger into the final `main` branch is allowed. The advantage of this is that they will be able to review the changes made before the merger and could settle any discrepancies.

2. Developer A plans to merge the "`itinerary/activities`" branch into the "`main`" branch. He starts of with changing his local branch to the `main` branch and ensure it is updated.

    - Switch branch with `git switch <branch_name>`
         ```
        git switch main
        ```
    - Update local `main` branch
        ```ps1
        # Fetch for changes
        git fetch origin
        # Pull changes
        git pull origin
        ```

3. Developer A switches to the "`itinerary/activities`" branch he wants to merge using a pull request.

    - Checks the local branches `git branch`
        ```
        git branch
        ```
    - Switch branch with `git switch <branch_name>`
         ```
        git switch itinerary/activities
        ```

4. Developer A merge the "`main`" branch into the "`itinerary/activities`" branch

    - Merge main branch in using `git merge <branch_to_merge>`
        ```
        git merge main
        ```

5. Developer A updates the remote repository
    
    - Push to remote repository with `git push origin`
        ```
        git push origin
        ```

6. Developer A opens the github webpage and opens the repository

7. Developer A clicks on the **Pull request** button to navigate to the pull request page.

8. Developer A clicks on the **New pull request** button to create a new request.

